docs/adding-domains.md, before:

DomainMOD gives you a few options for adding your domains, so you should read through the below sections to determine which will work best for you.

!!! note
    Before adding your domains to DomainMOD you must first create some Assets. If you've just finished installing you should visit the [First Run](first-run.md) section, which will walk you through creating the assets that are required to start using DomainMOD.

Domain Queue
------------
{!_domain-queue-shared.md!}

[Add domains using the Domain Queue &raquo;](domain-queue.md)

Bulk Updater
------------  
The Bulk Updater also allows you to supply a list of domains to be added, however you need to manually choose the options for the domains you're adding, and all of the domains will have the same settings. The Bulk Updater generally works best if you're adding a list of newly registered domains, since they will have the same expiry date and will generally have the same settings.

[Add domains using the Bulk Updater &raquo;](bulk-updater.md) 

Manually
--------
Domains can also be added one-by-one, which allows you to choose custom settings for each domain.

**Adding A Domain Manually**

1. Click on **Domains** on the main menu.

2. Click the **Add Domain** button on the Domains page.

3. Enter the Domain that you want to add.

4. Fill in all of the relevant details for the domain, such as the expiry date, registrar account, DNS profile, and so on. 

5. Click the **Add Domain** button.

That's it, your domain has been added to DomainMOD!

!!! note
    If this is the first time you've added a domain from this registrar with this TLD you will need to enter the fees associated with this registrar/TLD combination. After adding the domain you will be presented with a notice that will walk you through how to add the new fee.

Commit message:

Add CSV Importer to documentation

docs/adding-domains.md, after:

DomainMOD gives you a few options for adding your domains, so you should read through the below sections to determine which will work best for you.

!!! note
    Before adding your domains to DomainMOD you must first create some Assets. If you've just finished installing you should visit the [First Run](first-run.md) section, which will walk you through creating the Assets that are required to start using DomainMOD. Alternatively, you can use the [CSV Importer](csv-importer.md) to import all of your domain data without having to create any Assets first.

CSV Importer
------------
{!_csv-importer-shared.md!}

[Add domains using the CSV Importer &raquo;](csv-importer.md)

Domain Queue
------------
{!_domain-queue-shared.md!}

[Add domains using the Domain Queue &raquo;](domain-queue.md)

Bulk Updater
------------  
The Bulk Updater also allows you to supply a list of domains to be added, however you need to manually choose the options for the domains you're adding, and all of the domains will have the same settings. The Bulk Updater generally works best if you're adding a list of newly registered domains, since they will have the same expiry date and will generally have the same settings.

[Add domains using the Bulk Updater &raquo;](bulk-updater.md) 

Manually
--------
Domains can also be added one-by-one, which allows you to choose custom settings for each domain.

**Adding A Domain Manually**

1. Click on **Domains** on the main menu.

2. Click the **Add Domain** button on the Domains page.

3. Enter the Domain that you want to add.

4. Fill in all of the relevant details for the domain, such as the expiry date, registrar account, DNS profile, and so on. 

5. Click the **Add Domain** button.

That's it, your domain has been added to DomainMOD!

!!! note
    If this is the first time you've added a domain from this registrar with this TLD you will need to enter the fees associated with this registrar/TLD combination. After adding the domain you will be presented with a notice that will walk you through how to add the new fee.
